NAME

    pureproxy - Pure Perl HTTP proxy server

SYNOPSIS

        pureproxy --host=0.0.0.0 --port=5000 --workers=10 --server Starlight
    
        pureproxy --traffic-log=traffic.log --traffic-log-body-eol='|'
    
        pureproxy --access-log=access.log
    
        pureproxy --other-plackup-options
    
        pureproxy -v
    
        http_proxy=http://localhost:5000/ lwp-request -m get http://www.perl.org/
    
        https_proxy=http://localhost:5000/ lwp-request -m get https://metacpan.org/

DESCRIPTION

    This is pure-Perl HTTP proxy server which can be run on almost every
    Perl installation.

    It uses thrall pre-threading HTTP server if Perl supports threads or
    starlight pre-forking HTTP server otherwise.

    It supports SSL and TLS if IO::Socket::SSL is installed and IPv6 if
    IO::Socket::IP is installed.

    It can be fat-packed and then run with any system with standard Perl
    interpreter without installing other packages. See examples directory
    for fat-packed version of PureProxy script.

    PureProxy is an application that accepts arguments of plackup binary
    and HTTP servers like thrall or starlight.

INSTALLATION

 With cpanm(1)

        cpanm App::PureProxy

 Directly

        lwp-request -m get https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dex4er/PureProxy/master/fatpack/install.sh | sh

    or

        curl -qsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dex4er/PureProxy/master/fatpack/install.sh | sh

    or

        wget --quiet -O- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dex4er/PureProxy/master/fatpack/install.sh | sh

OPTIONS

 --access-log

    Specifies the pathname of a file where the access log should be
    written. By default, in the development environment access logs will go
    to STDERR. See plackup. (default: none)

 --daemonize

    Makes the process run in the background. It doesn't work (yet) in
    native Windows (MSWin32). (default: 0)

 -E, --env

    Specifies the environment option. See plackup. (default: "deployment")

 --error-log

    Specify the pathname of a file where the error log should be written.
    This enables you to still have access to the errors when using
    --daemonize. (default: none)

 --group

    Changes the group ids or group names that the server should switch to
    after binding to the port. The ids or names can be separated with
    commas or space characters. (default: none)

 -o, --host

    Binds to a TCP interface. Defaults to undef, which lets most server
    backends bind to the any (*) interface. This option is only valid for
    servers which support TCP sockets.

 -I

    Specifies Perl library include paths, like perl's -I option. You may
    add multiple paths by using this option multiple times. See plackup.

 --ipv6

    Enables IPv6 support. The IO::Socket::IP module is required. (default:
    1 if IO::Socket::IP is available or 0 otherwise)

 --keepalive-timeout

    Timeout for persistent connections. (default: 2)

 -L, --loader

    Starlet changes the default loader to Delayed to make lower consumption
    of the children and prevent problems with shared IO handlers. It might
    be set to Plack::Loader to restore the default loader.

 -M

    Loads the named modules before loading the app's code. You may load
    multiple modules by using this option multiple times. See plackup.
    (default: none)

 --main-process-delay

    The Starlight nor Thrall do not synchronize their processes and require
    a small delay in main process so it doesn't consume all CPU. (default:
    0.1)

 --max-keepalive-reqs

    Max. number of requests allowed per single persistent connection. If
    set to one, persistent connections are disabled. (default: 1)

 --max-reqs-per-child

    Max. number of requests to be handled before a worker process exits.
    (default: 1000)

 --max-workers

    A number of worker threads. (default: 50)

 --min-reqs-per-child

    If set, randomizes the number of requests handled by a single worker
    process between the value and that supplied by --max-reqs-per-chlid.
    (default: none)

 -p, --port

    Binds to a TCP port. Defaults to 5000. This option is only valid for
    servers which support TCP sockets.

    Note: default port 5000 may conflict with AirPlay server on MacOS 12
    (Monterey) or later.

 --pid

    Specify the pid file path. Use it with -D|--daemonize option. (default:
    none)

 -q, --quiet

    Suppress the message about starting a server.

 -r, --reload

    Makes plackup restart the server whenever a file in your development
    directory changes. See plackup. (default: none)

 -R, --Reload

    Makes plackup restart the server whenever a file in any of the given
    directories changes. See plackup. (default: none)

 --socket

    Enables UNIX socket support. The IO::Socket::UNIX module is required.
    The socket file has to be not yet created. The first character @ or \0
    in the socket file name means that an abstract socket address will be
    created. (default: none)

 --spawn-interval

    If set, worker processes will not be spawned more than once every given
    second. Also, when SIGHUP is being received, no more than one worker
    process will be collected every given second. This feature is useful
    for doing a "slow restart". (default: none)

 --ssl

    Enables SSL support. The IO::Socket::SSL module is required. (default:
    0)

 --ssl-ca-file

    Specifies the path to the SSL CA certificate file which will be a part
    of server's certificate chain. (default: none)

 --ssl-cert-file

    Specifies the path to the SSL certificate file. (default: none)

 --ssl-client-ca-file

    Specifies the path to the SSL CA certificate file for client
    verification. (default: none)

 --ssl-key-file

    Specifies the path to the SSL key file. (default: none)

 --ssl-verify-mode

    Specifies the verification mode for the client certificate. See
    "SSL_verify_mode" in IO::Socket::SSL for details. (default: 0)

 --timeout

    Seconds until timeout. (default: 300)

 --traffic-log

    Enables Plack::Middleware::TrafficLog middleware that logs detailed
    information about headers and the body.

    If the filename is providen then middleware writes to this file.
    Standard output is used otherwise.

 --traffic-log-body-eol

    Sets the line separator for message's body for log generated by
    Plack::Middleware::TrafficLog middleware.

 --umask

    Changes file mode creation mask. The "umask" in perlfunc is an octal
    number representing disabled permissions bits for newly created files.
    It is usually 022 when a group shouldn't have permission to write or
    002 when a group should have permission to write. (default: none)

 --user

    Changes the user id or user name that the server process should switch
    to after binding to the port. The pid file, error log or unix socket
    also are created before changing privileges. This option is usually
    used if the main process is started with root privileges because
    binding to the low-numbered (<1024) port. (default: none)

ENVIRONMENT

 PUREPROXY_SERVER

    Changes the default PSGI server. This is Thrall if Perl supports
    threads and Starlight otherwise.

SEE ALSO

    http://github.com/dex4er/PureProxy.

BUGS

    This tool has unstable features and can change in future.

AUTHOR

    Piotr Roszatycki <dexter@cpan.org>

LICENSE

    Copyright (c) 2014-2015, 2023-2024 Piotr Roszatycki <dexter@cpan.org>.

    This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
    the same terms as perl itself.

    See http://dev.perl.org/licenses/artistic.html

